by far the one of the most popular foods
to cook on any grill is a steak and a
hamburger so we're going to grill up a
nice one-inch thick sirloin steak that's
my favorite for grilling a couple of
nice burgers and we're going to even add
some french fries to that first season
them all up with the Carolinas seasoning
I like to put a little olive oil on the
steak so it really helps that seasoning
stick good again let it sit out on the
counter about 30 minutes to knock the
chill off the need and let it absorb
that seasoning for a really great flavor
besides the Holland grill seasoning and
I like a little extra ground pepper on
my beef I think that's a great
combination beef and pepper and we'll
get ready to put them on the grill so
turn your grill on let it heat up as we
said the grill is by design a little
hotter in the back some we'll put my
steak and my burgers back there so it'll
blockin it a little better now with the
French fries these are just your
favorite frozen fries maybe put a little
oil little seasoning on them just dump
those right on the grill in the center
all of this should take about 20 minutes
or so we'll try it 1011 minutes on each
side and I'll open it up turn them look
at the fries see how they're doing
close the lid go sit down your
comfortable chair and wait for the
beeper
there goes my beeper let's take a look
at that steak and burger they've been on
there about 12 minutes so of the fries
we're going to turn them once during the
cooking process
toss the prize around a little bit well
there goes that beeper again let's check
on the steak and burgers and french
fries oh boy those look nice
they've been on there about 12 minutes
on each side total about 24 minutes a
little thicker steak it use a little
more time a thinner steak use a little
bit less time I like mine kind of medium
with a pinkish center so that that seems
to work good for me
there you go steak and Burgers and Fries
all on the Holland grill simple
delicious let's dress them up a little
bit
you